:Terms of Service
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (“AGREEMENT” OR “TERMS OF SERVICE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY PLAYGROUNDAI.COM. THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE PLAYGROUND AI WEBSITE, MOBILE APPLICATION AND ALL RELATED SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY FEATURES, CONTENT, WEBSITES (INCLUDING WWW.PLAYGROUNDAI.COM) OR OTHER APPLICATIONS OFFERED FROM TIME TO TIME BY PLAYGROUND AI IN CONNECTION THEREWITH (COLLECTIVELY “SERVICE(S)”). BY USING THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.
BY USING THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE FULL AUTHORITY TO AGREE AND BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND MIGHTY COMPUTING, INC. (HEREIN, “PLAYGROUND AI”). IF YOU SIGN UP FOR THE SERVICE ON BEHALF OF AN ORGANIZATION USING AN EMAIL ADDRESS PROVIDED BY YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANOTHER ORGANIZATION, (I) YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT ENTITY WITH AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT ENTITY TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; (II) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BIND THAT ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT; AND (III) “YOU” AND “YOUR” IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WILL REFER TO BOTH YOU AND THAT ENTITY.
Acceptance of Terms of Service
In using the Service, you may enter text prompts and upload your own images or content (collectively, “Inputs”), all of which you have full control and responsibility over, in order to generate images or content (collectively, “Outputs”). You represent and warrant that you own all rights, title, and interest in and to your Inputs or that you have otherwise secured all necessary rights in your Inputs. Inputs and Outputs are collectively referenced herein as “Assets.” Through our Service, Playground AI empowers you with AI-assisted tools that allow you to create and modify such Assets. We also enable an open creative community that allows others to utilize and remix your Assets whenever they are posted in a public setting. By default, your Assets may be publicly viewable and remixable by others.
The Service is offered subject to acceptance without modification of all of these Terms of Service and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time in connection with the Services by Playground AI. In addition, some services offered through the Service may be subject to additional terms and conditions promulgated by Playground AI from time to time; your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Service by this reference.
Playground AI may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions.
DMCA and Takedowns Policy
Playground AI utilizes artificial intelligence systems to produce the Assets. Such Assets may be unintentionally similar to copyright protected material or trademarks held by others. We respect rights holders internationally and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe your copyright or trademark is being infringed by the Service, please write to support@playgroundai.com and we will process and investigate your request and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement.
Modification of Terms of Service
At its sole discretion, Playground AI may modify or replace any of the Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Playground AI websites or Service or by sending you an email. Playground AI may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
As we seek to constantly augment our Service for you, the Services are subject to modification, discontinuation and other adjustment, including but not limited to the style of Assets, the algorithms and/or models used to generate the Assets, and any features available to you. No guarantees are made with respect to the continuation, quality, stability, uptime or reliability of the Service or Assets, other than as specified in specific agreement with you.
Trademarks and Patents
All Playground AI logos, marks and designations are trademarks or registered trademarks of Playground AI. All other trademarks mentioned in this website are the property of their respective owners. The trademarks and logos displayed on this website may not be used without the prior written consent of Playground AI or their respective owners. Portions, features and/or functionality of Playground AI’s products may be protected under Playground AI patent applications or patents.
Licensing Terms
Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, the conditions herein and any limitations applicable to Mighty or by law: (i) you are granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, freely revocable license to access and use the Service for business or personal use; (ii) you own all Assets you create with the Services and (iii) we hereby assign to you all rights, title and interest in and to such Assets for your personal or commercial use. Otherwise, Playground AI reserves all rights not expressly granted under these Terms of Service. Each person must have a unique account and you are responsible for any activity conducted on your account. A breach or violation of any of our Terms of Service may result in an immediate termination of your right to use our Service.
By using the Services, you grant to Playground AI, its successors, and assigns a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and/or distribute text prompts and images you input into the Services, or Assets produced by the Service at your direction. This license authorizes Playground AI to make the Assets available generally and to use such Assets as needed to provide, maintain, promote and improve the Services, as well as to comply with applicable law and enforce our policies. You agree that this license is provided with no compensation paid to you by Playground AI for your submission or creation of Assets, as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the grant of rights herein. You also grant each other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to access your publicly available Assets through the Service, and to use those Assets (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display, and perform it) only as enabled by a feature of the Service. The license to Playground AI survives termination of this Agreement by any party, for any reason.
Fees and Payments
Playground AI offers a free and paid Service. You can learn more about our paid subscription offering here or within our mobile application. You can sign up for a recurring subscription, payable in U.S. dollars, that will automatically renew on the basis of the term. You can stop using the Service and cancel your subscription at any time through the website or by emailing us at support@playgroundai.com. If you cancel your subscription, you will not receive a refund or credit for any amounts that have already been billed or paid. Playground AI reserves the right to change its prices at any time. If you are on a subscription plan, changes to pricing will not apply until your next renewal or thirty (30) days after notice, whichever is later.
Unless otherwise stated, your subscription fees (“Fees”) do not include federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, duties, and other similar assessments (“Taxes”). You are responsible for all Taxes associated with your purchase and we may invoice you for such Taxes. You agree to timely pay such Taxes and provide us with documentation showing the payment or additional evidence that we may reasonably require. If any amount of your Fees are past due, we may suspend your access to the Services after we provide you written notice of late payment. You may not create more than one account to benefit from the Free tier of our Services. If we believe you are not using the Free tier in good faith, we may charge you standard fees or stop providing access to the Services.
Rules and Conduct
As a condition of use, you must adhere to our Content Policy and not use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by the Terms of Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) take any action (including making use of the Site, any Assets or our models or derivatives of our models) that: would constitute a violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; infringes upon any intellectual property or other right of any other person or entity; is threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortious, obscene, offensive, furthering of self-harm or profane; creates Assets that exploits or abuses children; generates or disseminates verifiably false information with the purpose of harming others; impersonates or attempts to impersonate others; generates or disseminates personally identifying or identifiable information; creates Assets that implies or promotes support of a terrorist organization; creates Assets that condone or promote violence against people based on any protected legal category. Use of the SDXL model is subject to and restricted by the license set forth here.
Further, you shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Playground AI’s (or its third party providers’) infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service; (iii) bypass any measures Playground AI may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or parts thereof); (iv) use any method to extract data from the Services, including web scraping, web harvesting, or web data extraction methods, other than as permitted through an allowable API; (v) reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of models, algorithms, and systems of the Services that are not open (except to the extent such restrictions are contrary to applicable law); and (vi) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Site, use of the Site, or access to the Site or any contact on the Site, without our express written permission.
Termination
Playground AI may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time if you fail to comply with these Terms of Service, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. Further, either party may terminate the Services for any reason and at any time upon written notice. If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Service. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. Upon any termination, all rights and licenses granted to you in this Agreement shall immediately terminate, but all provisions hereof which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Playground AI, its affiliates and each of its, and its affiliates employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, losses, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from or relate to (i) your use or misuse of, or access to, the Service, or (ii) your violation of the Terms of Service or any applicable law, contract, policy, regulation or other obligation. Playground AI reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Playground AI in connection therewith.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL PLAYGROUND AI OR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, OR SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, (II) FOR YOUR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICE OR, IF GREATER, $500. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Disclaimer
ALL USE OF THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT IS UNDERTAKEN ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PLAYGROUND AI WEB OR MOBILE APP AND ANY CONTENT) IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Disputes
All legal claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including any dispute regarding the interpretation or performance of the Agreement) (“Dispute”) will be governed by the laws of the state of California, excluding California’s conflicts of laws rules. The parties will try in good faith to settle any Dispute within 30 days after the Dispute arises. If the Dispute is not resolved within 30 days, it shall be resolved by arbitration by the American Arbitration Association’s International Center for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its Expedited Commercial Rules in force as of the date of this Agreement (“Rules”). The parties will mutually select one arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted in English in San Francisco County, California, USA. Either party may apply to any competent court for injunctive relief necessary to protect its rights pending resolution of the arbitration. The arbitrator may order equitable or injunctive relief consistent with the remedies and limitations in the Agreement. The arbitral award will be final and binding on the parties and its execution may be presented in any competent court, including any court with jurisdiction over either party or any of its property. Each party will bear its own lawyers’ and experts’ fees and expenses, regardless of the arbitrator’s final decision regarding the Dispute. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision, or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.
Each party agrees that any Disputes between them must be brought against each other on an individual basis only and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. In an arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person’s claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If for any reason a Dispute proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, each party knowingly and irrevocably waives any right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service.
Privacy
By using the Services, you may provide Playground AI with personal information. For information regarding Playground AI’s treatment of personal information, please review our Privacy Statement at https://playgroundai.com/privacy. Both parties agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws. To the extent the parties need to enter into additional terms regarding data privacy or data transfers the parties will work together in good faith to enter into such terms.
Age Requirements
By accessing the Services, you confirm that you’re at least 13 years old and meet the minimum age of digital consent in your country. If you are not old enough to consent to our Terms of Service in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to this Agreement on your behalf.
Please ask your parent or guardian to read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your teenager to use the Services, then these terms also apply to you and you’re responsible for your teenager’s activity on the Services. No assurances are made as to the suitability of the Assets for you.
Miscellaneous
The Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and Playground AI with respect to the Service, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Playground AI with respect to the Service. If any provision of the Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Playground AI shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder due to any cause beyond Playground AI’s reasonable control. The Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable or transferable by you except with Playground AI’s prior written consent. Playground AI may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of the Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices under the Terms of Service will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or two days after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.
Contact Us
For questions regarding the Service, you can get in touch by emailing us at support@playgroundai.com.
Legal notices with respect to the Service should be sent to Playground AI at:
Playground AI
c/o Mighty Computing, Inc.
Attn: Legal
548 Market St.
PMB 96342
San Francisco, California 94104-5401 US,Privacy
Intro
Privacy is a fundamental human right. We will uphold the privacy of our users by fighting against ads, trackers and other impingements on privacy. We will never profit by monetizing your data but instead seek to fulfill our company mission by delivering a great product & service.
Our commitment to privacy and data protection is reflected in this Privacy Statement which describes how we collect and process “personal information” that identifies you, like your name or email address. Any other information besides this is "non-personal information." If we store personal information with non-personal information, we'll consider that combination to be personal information.
References to our "Services" at PLAYGROUND AI (playgroundai.com) in this statement include our website, apps, and other products and services. This statement applies to our Services that display or reference this Privacy Statement. Third-party services that we integrate with are governed under their own privacy policies.
Information Gathering
We learn information about you when: You directly provide it to us. For example, we collect: Name and contact information. We collect details such as name and email address. Payment information. If you make a purchase, we collect credit card numbers, financial account information and other payment details. Content and files. We collect and retain the photos, documents or other files you send to us in connection with delivering our Services, including via email or chat. We collect it automatically through our products and services. For instance, we collect: Identifiers and device information. When you visit our websites, our web servers log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including device identifiers, device type, operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration. Geolocation data. Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our Services. Usage data. We log your activity on our website, including the URL of the website from which you came to our site, pages you viewed on our website, how long you spent on a page, access times, and other details about your use of and actions on our website. We also collect information about which web-elements or objects you interact with on our Service, metadata about your activity on the Service, changes in your user state, and the duration of your use of our Service. Someone else tells us information about you. Third-party sources include, for example: Third-party partners. Third-party applications and services, including social networks you choose to connect with or interact with through our services. Service providers. Third parties that collect or provide data in connection with work they do on our behalf, for example companies that determine your device's location based on its IP address. When we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us. We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). For example, we infer your general geographic location based on your IP address.
Information Use
We use each category of personal information about you:
To provide you with our Services
To improve and develop our Services
To communicate with you
To provide customer support
Information Sharing
We share information about you: When we've asked & received your consent to share it. As needed, including to third-party service providers, to process or provide Services or products to you, but only if those entities agree to provide at least the same level of privacy protection we're committed to under this Privacy Statement. To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, provided that we'll notify you unless we're legally prohibited from doing so. We'll only release personal information if we believe in good faith that it's legally required. Only if we reasonably believe it's necessary to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of you or others. In the event of a corporate restructuring or change in our organizational structure or status to a successor or affiliate.
Please note that some of our Services include integrations, references, or links to services provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal information to any of those third parties, or allow us to share personal information with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements.
Finally, we may share non-personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Information Protection
We implement physical, business and technical security measures to safeguard your personal information. In the event of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We only keep your personal information for as long as is needed to do what we collected it for. After that, we destroy it unless required by law.
Other Information
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations. As part of our normal operations, your information may be stored in computers in other countries outside of your home country. By giving us information, you consent to this kind of information transfer. Irrespective of where your information resides, we'll comply with applicable law and abide by our commitments herein. We don't want your personal information if you're under 13. Do not provide it to us. If your child is under 13 and you believe your child has provided us with their personal information, please contact us to have such information removed.
European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Swiss and California users
The following rights are granted under the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Playground AI applies these rights to all users of our products, regardless of your location: The right to know what personal information is collected. The right to know if personal information is being shared, and to whom. The right to access your personal information. The right to exercise your privacy rights without being discriminated against.
EEA, UK, and Swiss Users: Our lawful bases for collecting and processing personal information under the GDPR include: Performing our contract with you and providing our services. Legitimate interests: we receive technical and interaction data of users, which may include IP addresses, to improve the security and reliability of our services and prevent abuse, and to understand where people learn about Playground AI. Consent: where we ask for your consent to process your information, you can always withdraw this consent.
Under the GDPR, EEA, UK, and Swiss users have additional rights: The right to request correction or erasure of personal information. The right to object to processing your personal information. The right to right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal information in a usable and portable format, when any automated processing of personal data is based on your consent or a contract with you. The rights to withdraw your consent to processing, when the processing is based on your consent. When we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
California Users: Under the CCPA, California residents have additional rights: The right to request personal information about to be deleted, subject to several exceptions. The right to opt-out of the sale of personal information. Note that we do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA and have not done so in the past 12 months. You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. Further, to provide or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your account.
Exercising Your Rights
To delete your account & personal information, refer to these instructions. You can also exercise the rights described above or ask us questions by contacting us at privacy@playgroundai.com and we will aim to address or resolve it. If we cannot, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Changes
We may need to change this Privacy Statement and our notices from time to time. Any updates will be posted online with an effective date. Continued use of our services after the effective date of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
You can get in touch by emailing us at privacy@playgroundai.com.